Purpose
=======

This suite tests upgrades of a ceph cluster from dumpling (current
branch) to firefly (current branch), and then to a later specified
version (version x, e.g. for example ‘next’ or ‘master’). It runs the
last upgrade (steps in 3-firefly-upgrade) in parallel with firefly
client tests.


Structure
=========

Generally the flow is:
- install dumpling
- test it
- upgrade cluster and clients to firefly
- test firefly while upgrading cluster to version x
- upgrade clients
- test with version x clients

0-cluster
---------

Defines the cluster layout - two nodes run ceph daemons, and a third
acts as a client.  (This is under 'roles:' section in the final yaml)

1-dumpling-install
------------------

Installs dumpling and runs correctness tests from the 'workload' section

2-workload
----------

Defines the 'workload' section - correctness tests to run on dumpling
“+” is used to construct a single yaml load from all tests in this directory

3-firefly-upgrade
-----------------

First upgrades everything to firefly. Then upgrades the cluster to
version x while running correctness tests (from the 'workload2'
section) on firefly clients in parallel. This upgrade is done by the
'upgrade-sequence' section, defined later. Once the cluster is
upgraded and these tests complete, upgrades the clients to version x
as well.

Clients are upgraded last to avoid running newer tests that don't work
against firefly, and to verify that firefly clients can continue
working with a newer cluster.

4-workload
----------

Defines the 'workload2' section - correctness tests to run during the
upgrade from firefly to version x.
“+” is used to construct a single yaml load from all tests in this directory

5-upgrade-sequence
------------------

Defines the 'upgrade-sequence' section - the order in which the
upgrade from firefly to version x is done. Note that leaving the
version unspecified here is what makes it upgrade to version x,
which is set as an override when this suite is scheduled.

6-final-workload
----------------

Runs some final correctness tests of version x clients.
“+” is used to construct a single yaml load from all tests in this directory
